hi it's me one week and i'm here to show
you the results of my other rings that i
started with i discussed in my last
video on the hard ring video that i was
trying these new rings and they're kind
of like plastic i guess they're black
plastic ones but let me bring the camera
closer so you could see what I'm talking
about okay so in my last video I showed
you these plastic rings that I found in
a bag at Michael's for i think is like
two dollars and wasn't sure if that
we're going to work out because since
they're kind of I guess they have curb
so I wasn't sure how good it was going
to hold up whatever like the button
since they're flat but so I did one and
it worked pretty well all I did was put
the glue I placed the button see I did
that double button stock button look and
I put the Swarovski crystal so it did
work the only thing of course that I had
to do since it it's not I guess the
Rings not dumb I guess there's bumps of
course there's ridges I guess so i had
to lay it flat like this and close to a
wall and put something else on the side
of it just to hold it so wouldn't move
of course while it dries up so took
about a good 24 hours for dry up and
then i also did so that's the ring right
there it's real pretty but of course
like i said on this good the size is
just small for my fingers so it fit in
the pinky for me but i also did another
one because i found you
hearts I found a bag of hearts at
Michaels and they were I think we're
going to price two dollars so they came
down to like a dollar so you could do
like a lot of different cool projects
with this looks like glass but they're
plastic I got the same black plastic
ring and just dabbed the glass bead glue
on it and pick up that ring so we'll do
another one right now so you get your
ring you get your glass and bead
platinum bond glue you put some glue on
de i can give me a squeeze seems to
always do that's the only bad about it
so get I guess anything sharp and get oh
I'm getting a a paperclip see if that
helps okay there it goes
so you get glue
get your heart center it if it's easier
you can go ahead and place it down and
center that and again like I said just
put that on the wall just like that put
it on the wall and put something else on
the side of it just won't move and that
should stay and that's of course the
finished product and you can add more
stuff to it you can put the beads like
the Swarovski that I put on this as well
put it on there so so that's it for
today's project and I hope you enjoy it
happy valentine's day because today so
let's see februari 10th so four more
days for valentine's day so this is
perfect project that's it thank you for
watching happy creating bye